docsrc/markdown/tech/generated_api.md, before:

# Generated API

Package [symphony.bdk.gen](https://github.com/finos/symphony-bdk-python/tree/main/symphony/bdk/gen)
contains code generated by
[openAPI generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator)
from [swagger specifications](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec) of Symphony APIs, namely:
* [agent/agent-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/agent/agent-api-public.yaml)
* [authenticator/authenticator-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/authenticator/authenticator-api-public.yaml)
* [login/login-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/login/login-api-public.yaml)
* [pod/pod-api-public-deprecated.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/pod/pod-api-public-deprecated.yaml)

In order to re-generate model and api files, run
```shell
cd project_root/templates
./generate_client_api.sh
```

The file templates/open-api-generator-cli.jar used to generated model and api files was created from sources
[here](https://github.com/symphony-elias/openapi-generator/tree/PLAT-10652) to accommodate for type hinting.

Commit message:

Using latest openapi generator + generating profile-manager api (#265)
In this implementation we:
- upgraded the openapi-generator version to use 5.4.0. Custom branch used for the jar generation can be found here.
- custom templates that were part of the templates module were integrated in the custom jar, hence removed from this project
- all existing APIs and models were regenerated using the new openapi-generator version
- as prerequisite for the group extension (coming soon), Group APIs were generated

Furthermore:
- renamed module name from templates to api_client_generation since now it does not contain any templates anymore. Templates were all included in the jar file
- renamed script and small refactoring to the generate_files function to accept support file as well needed for the code generation (profile-manager api case)

docsrc/markdown/tech/generated_api.md, after:

# Generated API

Package [symphony.bdk.gen](https://github.com/finos/symphony-bdk-python/tree/main/symphony/bdk/gen)
contains code generated by
[openAPI generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator)
from [swagger specifications](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec) of Symphony APIs, namely:
* [agent/agent-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/agent/agent-api-public.yaml)
* [authenticator/authenticator-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/authenticator/authenticator-api-public.yaml)
* [login/login-api-public.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/login/login-api-public.yaml)
* [pod/pod-api-public-deprecated.yaml](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/blob/master/pod/pod-api-public-deprecated.yaml)
* [profile-manager](https://github.com/finos/symphony-api-spec/tree/master/profile-manager)

In order to re-generate model and api files, run
```shell
cd project_root/api_client_generation
./generate.sh 
```

The file templates/open-api-generator-cli.jar used to generated model and api files was created from changes done
[here](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/pull/11758) from
[this](https://github.com/symphony-elias/openapi-generator/tree/sym-python-5.4.0) fork to accommodate for type hinting.
