docsrc/markdown/activity-api.md, before:

# Activity API

The Activity API is an abstraction built on top of the Datafeed's [_Real Time Events_](https://docs.developers.symphony.com/building-bots-on-symphony/datafeed/real-time-events).
An Activity is basically a user interaction triggered from the chat.
Two different kinds of activities are supported by the BDK:
- **Command Activity**: triggered when a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom`
- **Form Activity**: triggered when a user replies to an [_Elements_](https://docs.developers.symphony.com/building-bots-on-symphony/symphony-elements)
  form message
- **User Joined Room Activity**: triggered when a user joins a room in which the bot is a member

## Activity Registry
The central component for activities is the
[`ActivityRegistry`](../_autosummary/symphony.bdk.core.activity.registry.ActivityRegistry.html).
This component is used to either add or retrieve activities. It is accessible from the `SymphonyBdk` object.

```python
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader

async def run():
  async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
    activity_registry = bdk.activities()
```

## Command Activity
A command activity is triggered when a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom`. This is the most basic interaction 
between an end-user and the bot. Here are some command activity examples: 

- the bot is mentioned followed by a _slash_ command:
```
$ @BotMention /buy
```
- a command with parameters, the bot is not mentioned:
```
$ /buy 1000 goog
```
- any message that contains 'hello' can be a command:
```
$ I want to say hello to the world
```

### How to create a Command Activity

```python
import asyncio
import logging.config
import os

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandActivity, CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
  async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
    bdk.activities().register(HelloCommandActivity(bdk.messages()))
    await bdk.datafeed().start()


class HelloCommandActivity(CommandActivity):

  def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
    self._messages = messages
    super().__init__()
  
  def matches(self, context: CommandContext) -> bool:
     return context.text_content.startswith("@" + context.bot_display_name + " /hello") # (1)
  
  async def on_activity(self, context: CommandContext):
      await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id, "<messageML>Hello, World!</messageML>") # (2)


logging.config.fileConfig(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)) + '/logging.conf', disable_existing_loggers=False)

try:
    logging.info("Running activity example...")
    asyncio.run(run())
except KeyboardInterrupt:
    logging.info("Ending activity example")
```
1. The `matches()` method allows the activity logic to be triggered when a message starts by a mention to the bot and the text `/hello` separated by a space. Ex: `@bot_name /hello`
2. The activity logic. Here, we send a message: "Hello, World"

### Slash Command
A _Slash_ command can be used to directly define a very simple bot command such as: 
```
$ @BotMention /command
$ /command
```

> Note: a Slash cannot have parameters

#### With the @slash decorator
One can define a slash command by decorating a callback function which must take one parameter of type
[`CommandContext`](../_autosummary/symphony.bdk.core.activity.command.CommandContext.html)
such as below:

```python
import logging

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk

async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")

    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()

        @activities.slash("/hello",                     # (1)
                          True,                         # (2)
                          "This command says hello")    # (3)
        async def callback(context: CommandContext):
            logging.debug("Hello slash command triggered by user %s", context.initiator.user.display_name)

        await bdk.datafeed().start()
```
1. `/hello` is the command name 
2. `True` means that the bot has to be mentioned
3. `This command says hello` is the command description (optional)

The decorated function will then be called if a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom` with a matching text message.
Please mind that, due to the mechanism inherent to decorators, the `@activities.slash` cannot be used when `activities`
is a class instance field. In this case, you can use slash commands as done below by subclassing `SlashCommandActivity`.

#### By subclassing SlashCommandActivity
One can also define a slash command by hand like the following:
```python
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext, SlashCommandActivity
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.registry import ActivityRegistry
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk

async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")

    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()
        messages = bdk.messages()

        activities.register(HelpCommandActivity(messages, activities))

        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class HelpCommandActivity(SlashCommandActivity):

    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService, activities: ActivityRegistry):
        self._messages = messages
        self._activities = activities
        super().__init__("/help", True, self.help_command)

    async def help_command(self, context: CommandContext):
        return await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id, "<messageML>Help command triggered</messageML>")
```

### Help Command
The _help_ command is a BDK build-in command which lists all the commands registered in the ActivityRegistry of the BDK. 
It can be triggered by using:
```
$ @BotMention /help
```
The help command can be instantiated by passing a `SymphonyBdk` instance to the constructor and then added manually to the BDK activity registry
```python
import logging
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.help_command import HelpCommand
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk
async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")
    
    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()
        
        @activities.slash("/hello", True, "Command to say hello")
        async def callback(context: CommandContext):
            logging.debug("Hello slash command triggered by user %s", context.initiator.user.display_name)
        
        bdk.activities().register(HelpCommand(bdk))
        
        await bdk.datafeed().start()
```
One can also override the default implementation of the help command by manually defining a new `SlashCommandActivity`.

## Form Activity
A form activity is triggered when an end-user replies or submits an Elements form.

### How to create a Form Activity
For this example, we will assume that the following Elements form has been posted into a room: 
```xml
<messageML>
    <h2>Hello Form</h2>
    <form id="hello-form"> <!-- (1) -->

        <text-field name="name" placeholder="Enter a name here..."/> <!-- (2) -->

        <button name="submit" type="action">Submit</button> <!-- (3) -->
        <button type="reset">Reset Data</button>

    </form>
</messageML>
```
1. the formId is "**hello-form**"
2. the form has one unique `<text-field>` called "**name**"
3. the has one action button called "**submit**"

The following code example handles the above form submission:
```Python
import asyncio
import logging.config
from pathlib import Path

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.form import FormReplyActivity, FormReplyContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
    async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
        bdk.activities().register(ReplyFormReplyActivity(bdk.messages()))
        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class ReplyFormReplyActivity(FormReplyActivity):
    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
        self.messages = messages

    def matches(self, context: FormReplyContext) -> bool:
        return context.form_id == "hello-form" \ 
               and context.get_form_value("action") == "submit" # (1)

    async def on_activity(self, context: FormReplyContext):
        message = "Hello, " + context.getFormValue("name") + "!" # (2)
        await self.messages.send_message(context.source_event.stream.stream_id,
                                         "<messageML>" + message + "</messageML>") # (3)

        
logging.config.fileConfig(Path("../logging.conf"), disable_existing_loggers=False)

try:
    logging.info("Running activity example...")
    asyncio.run(run())
except KeyboardInterrupt:
    logging.info("Ending activity example")
```
1. The `matches()` method allows the activity logic to be triggered when a form with the `id` `"hello-form"` has been submitted from the action button `"submit"`
2. The activity context allows us to retrieve form values. Here, the content of the `<text-field>` called "**name**"
3. We send back the message: "Hello, **text_field_content**"

## User Joined Room Activity

A User Joined Room activity is triggered when a new user joins or is added to a room in which the bot service account is
a member, including when the bot service account joins or is added to a room.

The code sample below shows how to create such an activity:
```python
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.user_joined_room import UserJoinedRoomActivity, UserJoinedRoomContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
    async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
        bdk.activities().register(JoinRoomActivity(bdk.messages()))
        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class JoinRoomActivity(UserJoinedRoomActivity):
    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
        self._messages = messages
        super().__init__()

    def matches(self, context: UserJoinedRoomContext) -> bool:
        return True

    async def on_activity(self, context: UserJoinedRoomContext):
        await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id,
                                          f"<messageML>Welcome to the room {context.affected_user_id}!</messageML>")
```

---
**NOTE - General activities use case**

For you to not overload your matches method, you can pre-process a context before the `matches()` method is called by
overriding the `before_matcher()` method of any activity.
```Python
class DummyActivityExample(CommandActivity):
    
    def matches(self, context: CommandContext) -> bool:
        return context.some_attribute == "some_value"
    
    async def on_activity(self, context: CommandContext):
        # Do stuff

    def before_matcher(self, context: CommandContext):
        context.some_attribute = some_call_to_another_service()
```

Commit message:

Clarified in the documentation that listener or activity methods must be async

docsrc/markdown/activity-api.md, after:

# Activity API

The Activity API is an abstraction built on top of the Datafeed's [_Real Time Events_](https://docs.developers.symphony.com/building-bots-on-symphony/datafeed/real-time-events).
An Activity is basically a user interaction triggered from the chat.
Two different kinds of activities are supported by the BDK:
- **Command Activity**: triggered when a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom`
- **Form Activity**: triggered when a user replies to an [_Elements_](https://docs.developers.symphony.com/building-bots-on-symphony/symphony-elements)
  form message
- **User Joined Room Activity**: triggered when a user joins a room in which the bot is a member

---
**NOTE**

Please note that all callback methods *must* be `async` in order for them to be executed, namely:
* the callback methods decorated with `@slash`
* the `on_activity` methods for all activities

---

## Activity Registry
The central component for activities is the
[`ActivityRegistry`](../_autosummary/symphony.bdk.core.activity.registry.ActivityRegistry.html).
This component is used to either add or retrieve activities. It is accessible from the `SymphonyBdk` object.

```python
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader

async def run():
  async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
    activity_registry = bdk.activities()
```

## Command Activity
A command activity is triggered when a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom`. This is the most basic interaction 
between an end-user and the bot. Here are some command activity examples: 

- the bot is mentioned followed by a _slash_ command:
```
$ @BotMention /buy
```
- a command with parameters, the bot is not mentioned:
```
$ /buy 1000 goog
```
- any message that contains 'hello' can be a command:
```
$ I want to say hello to the world
```

### How to create a Command Activity

```python
import asyncio
import logging.config
import os

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandActivity, CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
  async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
    bdk.activities().register(HelloCommandActivity(bdk.messages()))
    await bdk.datafeed().start()


class HelloCommandActivity(CommandActivity):

  def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
    self._messages = messages
    super().__init__()
  
  def matches(self, context: CommandContext) -> bool:
     return context.text_content.startswith("@" + context.bot_display_name + " /hello") # (1)
  
  async def on_activity(self, context: CommandContext):
      await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id, "<messageML>Hello, World!</messageML>") # (2)


logging.config.fileConfig(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)) + '/logging.conf', disable_existing_loggers=False)

try:
    logging.info("Running activity example...")
    asyncio.run(run())
except KeyboardInterrupt:
    logging.info("Ending activity example")
```
1. The `matches()` method allows the activity logic to be triggered when a message starts by a mention to the bot and the text `/hello` separated by a space. Ex: `@bot_name /hello`
2. The activity logic. Here, we send a message: "Hello, World"

### Slash Command
A _Slash_ command can be used to directly define a very simple bot command such as: 
```
$ @BotMention /command
$ /command
```

> Note: a Slash cannot have parameters

#### With the @slash decorator
One can define a slash command by decorating a callback function which must take one parameter of type
[`CommandContext`](../_autosummary/symphony.bdk.core.activity.command.CommandContext.html)
such as below:

```python
import logging

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk

async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")

    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()

        @activities.slash("/hello",                     # (1)
                          True,                         # (2)
                          "This command says hello")    # (3)
        async def callback(context: CommandContext):
            logging.debug("Hello slash command triggered by user %s", context.initiator.user.display_name)

        await bdk.datafeed().start()
```
1. `/hello` is the command name 
2. `True` means that the bot has to be mentioned
3. `This command says hello` is the command description (optional)

The decorated function will then be called if a message is sent in an `IM`, `MIM` or `Chatroom` with a matching text message.
Please mind that, due to the mechanism inherent to decorators, the `@activities.slash` cannot be used when `activities`
is a class instance field. In this case, you can use slash commands as done below by subclassing `SlashCommandActivity`.

#### By subclassing SlashCommandActivity
One can also define a slash command by hand like the following:
```python
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext, SlashCommandActivity
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.registry import ActivityRegistry
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk

async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")

    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()
        messages = bdk.messages()

        activities.register(HelpCommandActivity(messages, activities))

        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class HelpCommandActivity(SlashCommandActivity):

    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService, activities: ActivityRegistry):
        self._messages = messages
        self._activities = activities
        super().__init__("/help", True, self.help_command)

    async def help_command(self, context: CommandContext):
        return await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id, "<messageML>Help command triggered</messageML>")
```

### Help Command
The _help_ command is a BDK build-in command which lists all the commands registered in the ActivityRegistry of the BDK. 
It can be triggered by using:
```
$ @BotMention /help
```
The help command can be instantiated by passing a `SymphonyBdk` instance to the constructor and then added manually to the BDK activity registry
```python
import logging
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.command import CommandContext
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.help_command import HelpCommand
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk
async def run():
    config = BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")
    
    async with SymphonyBdk(config) as bdk:
        activities = bdk.activities()
        
        @activities.slash("/hello", True, "Command to say hello")
        async def callback(context: CommandContext):
            logging.debug("Hello slash command triggered by user %s", context.initiator.user.display_name)
        
        bdk.activities().register(HelpCommand(bdk))
        
        await bdk.datafeed().start()
```
One can also override the default implementation of the help command by manually defining a new `SlashCommandActivity`.

## Form Activity
A form activity is triggered when an end-user replies or submits an Elements form.

### How to create a Form Activity
For this example, we will assume that the following Elements form has been posted into a room: 
```xml
<messageML>
    <h2>Hello Form</h2>
    <form id="hello-form"> <!-- (1) -->

        <text-field name="name" placeholder="Enter a name here..."/> <!-- (2) -->

        <button name="submit" type="action">Submit</button> <!-- (3) -->
        <button type="reset">Reset Data</button>

    </form>
</messageML>
```
1. the formId is "**hello-form**"
2. the form has one unique `<text-field>` called "**name**"
3. the has one action button called "**submit**"

The following code example handles the above form submission:
```Python
import asyncio
import logging.config
from pathlib import Path

from symphony.bdk.core.activity.form import FormReplyActivity, FormReplyContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
    async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
        bdk.activities().register(ReplyFormReplyActivity(bdk.messages()))
        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class ReplyFormReplyActivity(FormReplyActivity):
    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
        self.messages = messages

    def matches(self, context: FormReplyContext) -> bool:
        return context.form_id == "hello-form" \ 
               and context.get_form_value("action") == "submit" # (1)

    async def on_activity(self, context: FormReplyContext):
        message = "Hello, " + context.getFormValue("name") + "!" # (2)
        await self.messages.send_message(context.source_event.stream.stream_id,
                                         "<messageML>" + message + "</messageML>") # (3)

        
logging.config.fileConfig(Path("../logging.conf"), disable_existing_loggers=False)

try:
    logging.info("Running activity example...")
    asyncio.run(run())
except KeyboardInterrupt:
    logging.info("Ending activity example")
```
1. The `matches()` method allows the activity logic to be triggered when a form with the `id` `"hello-form"` has been submitted from the action button `"submit"`
2. The activity context allows us to retrieve form values. Here, the content of the `<text-field>` called "**name**"
3. We send back the message: "Hello, **text_field_content**"

## User Joined Room Activity

A User Joined Room activity is triggered when a new user joins or is added to a room in which the bot service account is
a member, including when the bot service account joins or is added to a room.

The code sample below shows how to create such an activity:
```python
from symphony.bdk.core.activity.user_joined_room import UserJoinedRoomActivity, UserJoinedRoomContext
from symphony.bdk.core.config.loader import BdkConfigLoader
from symphony.bdk.core.service.message.message_service import MessageService
from symphony.bdk.core.symphony_bdk import SymphonyBdk


async def run():
    async with SymphonyBdk(BdkConfigLoader.load_from_symphony_dir("config.yaml")) as bdk:
        bdk.activities().register(JoinRoomActivity(bdk.messages()))
        await bdk.datafeed().start()


class JoinRoomActivity(UserJoinedRoomActivity):
    def __init__(self, messages: MessageService):
        self._messages = messages
        super().__init__()

    def matches(self, context: UserJoinedRoomContext) -> bool:
        return True

    async def on_activity(self, context: UserJoinedRoomContext):
        await self._messages.send_message(context.stream_id,
                                          f"<messageML>Welcome to the room {context.affected_user_id}!</messageML>")
```

---
**NOTE - General activities use case**

For you to not overload your matches method, you can pre-process a context before the `matches()` method is called by
overriding the `before_matcher()` method of any activity.
```Python
class DummyActivityExample(CommandActivity):
    
    def matches(self, context: CommandContext) -> bool:
        return context.some_attribute == "some_value"
    
    async def on_activity(self, context: CommandContext):
        # Do stuff

    def before_matcher(self, context: CommandContext):
        context.some_attribute = some_call_to_another_service()
```
